Mention when drop event is fired (#27484)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlelement/drop_event/index.md

{{APIRef}}

> The **`drop`** event is fired when an element or text selection is dropped on a valid drop target. It won't fire until you preventDefault in drag-over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`drop`** event is fired when an element or text selection is dropped on a valid drop target. To ensure that the `drop` event always fires as expected, you should always include a [`preventDefault()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event/preventDefault) call in the part of your code which handles the [`dragover`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/dragover_event) event.
```
